README.md, before:

# Python 3 Sandbox & Cheat Sheet
This sandbox contains random code snippets from the following YouTube tutorial series:

 1. [Python 3 Tutorial for Beginners by The Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9idu6GZ8EU_5B6WpKTdYZbK)
 2. [Python Programming Tutorials by Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzMcBGfZo4-mFu00qxl0a67RhjjZj3jXm)
 3. [Intermediate Python Tutorials by Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzMcBGfZo4-nhWva-6OVh1yKWHBs4o_tv)
 4. [Expert Python Tutorials by Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzMcBGfZo4-kwmIcMDdXSuy_wSqtU-xDP)
 5. [Mastering Python by Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p15xzjzR9j0)
 6. [Python Threading Tutorial by Corey Schafer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEEhzQoKtQU)
 7. [Python Tutorials : Threading Beginners by PyMoondra](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnm5_GH04fM)

These references were consulted in the making of *Python Illustrated* - a cheat sheet for using the Python programming language:

[
![an image that takes you to the PDF version](https://i.imgur.com/PhqLglF.jpg)
](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bwm0tF4sCxBEyA746Ez4wldzpiSzjINl/view?usp=sharing)

[
![a massive cheat sheet showing Python details](https://i.imgur.com/2FjckVW.jpg)
](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1l2QqzHdfAmrQxy3aPAzy6UsL8Ol36hHZ/view?usp=sharing)

The cheat sheet is divided into yellow boxes containing a title letting you know what they discuss, along with archetypal use cases that contain overlapping notes & highlighting to pack as much information as possible into a single observable space.&nbsp;  Although they all contain a standardized set of fonts, colors, and graphic arrangements, each of these yellow boxes possess a unique internal geometry and organization; this allows your brain to use the [method of loci](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Method_of_loci) in associating different Python capabilities with a *location* on the cheat sheet rather than having to memorize specific syntax and usage details.&nbsp;  By having the cheat sheet up on one of your monitors (while coding in Python) you can reduce your [reliance on stack overflow](https://dev.to/moopet/do-you-copy-and-paste-code-from-stack-overflow-47d5) and more easily recall how to do things because your brain eventually learns *where-to-go* in order to recall specifically when and how you *do-that-thing* you wanted to do in Python.&nbsp;  The question & answer superfluidity found in blog posts and forums are removed and replaced with parsimonious examples that allow your brain to quickly *recall* how the stuff works since you last looked at it.&nbsp;  Several of the yellow section boxes reference each other forming a [zettelkasten](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zettelkasten) network of sorts.&nbsp;

All feedback is welcome, feel free to submit a pull request or create a new issue to suggest corrections, changes, or additions. &nbsp;

Commit message:

added note on rastered access

README.md, after:

# Python 3 Sandbox & Cheat Sheet
This sandbox contains random code snippets from the following YouTube tutorial series:

 1. [Python 3 Tutorial for Beginners by The Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9idu6GZ8EU_5B6WpKTdYZbK)
 2. [Python Programming Tutorials by Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzMcBGfZo4-mFu00qxl0a67RhjjZj3jXm)
 3. [Intermediate Python Tutorials by Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzMcBGfZo4-nhWva-6OVh1yKWHBs4o_tv)
 4. [Expert Python Tutorials by Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzMcBGfZo4-kwmIcMDdXSuy_wSqtU-xDP)
 5. [Mastering Python by Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p15xzjzR9j0)
 6. [Python Threading Tutorial by Corey Schafer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEEhzQoKtQU)
 7. [Python Tutorials : Threading Beginners by PyMoondra](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnm5_GH04fM)

These references were consulted in the making of *Python Illustrated* - a cheat sheet for using the Python programming language:

[
![an image that takes you to the PDF version](https://i.imgur.com/PhqLglF.jpg)
](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bwm0tF4sCxBEyA746Ez4wldzpiSzjINl/view?usp=sharing)

Click on the image preview below to access the rastered version:

[
![a massive cheat sheet showing Python details](https://i.imgur.com/2FjckVW.jpg)
](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1l2QqzHdfAmrQxy3aPAzy6UsL8Ol36hHZ/view?usp=sharing)

The cheat sheet is divided into yellow boxes containing a title letting you know what they discuss, along with archetypal use cases that contain overlapping notes & highlighting to pack as much information as possible into a single observable space.&nbsp;  Although they all contain a standardized set of fonts, colors, and graphic arrangements, each of these yellow boxes possess a unique internal geometry and organization; this allows your brain to use the [method of loci](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Method_of_loci) in associating different Python capabilities with a *location* on the cheat sheet rather than having to memorize specific syntax and usage details.&nbsp;  By having the cheat sheet up on one of your monitors (while coding in Python) you can reduce your [reliance on stack overflow](https://dev.to/moopet/do-you-copy-and-paste-code-from-stack-overflow-47d5) and more easily recall how to do things because your brain eventually learns *where-to-go* in order to recall specifically when and how you *do-that-thing* you wanted to do in Python.&nbsp;  The question & answer superfluidity found in blog posts and forums are removed and replaced with parsimonious examples that allow your brain to quickly *recall* how the stuff works since you last looked at it.&nbsp;  Several of the yellow section boxes reference each other forming a [zettelkasten](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zettelkasten) network of sorts.&nbsp;

All feedback is welcome, feel free to submit a pull request or create a new issue to suggest corrections, changes, or additions. &nbsp;
